hey everyone welcome to Valerie's
kitchen today I want to teach you guys
how to make a simple and easy mahou tofu
everyone like to eat by distance on foot
and mouth or tofu is one of the
representatives and today we have very
simple ingredients of some ginger I
would just use this small part to stocks
of grain onions and some cilantro and of
course the most important ingredient is
the tofu and I pick up the extra soft
one because I like this all to be very
first move in my mouth and they have
another type which is called extra firm
you also can choose that type 2 and this
will chew important ingredients is
called chili bean sauce you can buy it
in any big market and so here's the
important softube is called ma hot sauce
and so nice touch
live right ginger get a green onion like
this about 1pm so since the natural you
see and and this is our tofu we need is
40 arms and I think it's good enough for
two persons have a member with the total
and since there's some water liquid
inside to pour the water out get the
water out
get out of tofu one cus second
and this side just
how come n you use the pole in the first
time so that a tablespoon we need
students whole spoon of novices comedy
spicy here comes to the chili bean sauce
we need 2.5
we use 1 teaspoon water to mix them up
before add into the frying pan this is
one tablespoon water mix vodka
so we are ready to cook the Mapo tofu a
wall of the frame and please use 5628 so
the frying pan we will not get too hot
when the frame then gets hit up pour
some oil
sure fine finish school please we can
put a ginger inside should make the fish
mouth I still try a few times and do the
ginger I can smell the ginger now we are
ready to get the total enzyme a frying
pan
you
now we can put the mixture sauce into
the frying pan
1.5 cups of water okay we are going to
get one teaspoon salt on the top of the
tofu we did we put a salt on the top you
can just deal with the total make it
slide down now we get elite cafe key one
user 56 meet middle fired now we are
going to cook the tofu about 15 minutes
with the lid on please remember with the
lid on just check beautiful even in 15
minutes we should put the green onion
garage on the top
the buyer easily to the face for me now
so I change it to low ok time to turn
off the fire and get that the toefl on
the plate for this is a lot of